README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I am Nancy Liu - ✨ Tech Media Editor | Cybersecurity Technical Writer ✨ 
<a href="[https://linkedin.com](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nancychenyizhiliu/)"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>


## 📜 Licenses & Certifications
- **CompTIA Security+**
- **Certified in Cybersecurity (CC)**
- **IBM Create and Implement Security Controls**  
- **Google Cybersecurity Certificate**

## 🧠 Cybersecurity Writing Portfolio

Explore my hands-on cybersecurity documentation, including incident response playbooks, technical writing samples, and evidence-backed guides.

🔗 **[cyber-writing-portfolio](https://github.com/<your-username>/cyber-writing-portfolio)**

Sample highlight:
- [Incident Response Playbook: Business Email Compromise (BEC)](https://github.com/<your-username>/cyber-writing-portfolio/blob/main/incident-playbooks/BEC-Incident-Response-Playbook.md)


## 🔨 Projects

- **WiCyS Stage Ready Public Speaking Fellowship**
  Completed a five-week program with Fearless Communicators that enhanced my ability to deliver clear, confident, and impactful technical presentations.

- **WiCyS AI Learning Series 2025**
  Finished a six-module program focused on AI security, governance, risk management, and secure AI product development.

- **Creating and Implementing A Cybersecurity Program Team Sprint (WiCyS)**
  Developed and implemented a comprehensive cybersecurity program for Lemonade through a collaborative Team Sprint, addressing key risks such as AI model 
  security, compliance, and third-party risk management.

- **SANS BootUp Capture-the-Flag (CTF) Competition**  
  Participated in hands-on cybersecurity challenges that involved reverse engineering, cryptography, and forensics.
  
- **72-Hour Game Jam - 10-Second Magic Artist (AI integrated)**  
  Developed a game with AI-driven art generation in a limited 72-hour competition environment.

- **72-Hour Game Jam - Before the Bang**  
  Created a time-based game with deep narrative and technical challenges, focusing on strategic gameplay before an impending event.

## 🏆 Honors & Awards
- **WiCyS Security Training Scholarship**  
  *Issued by WiCyS and SANS Institute · September 2024*
- **Cited in Deloitte's 2024 Investment Management Outlook and 2023 FSI Predictions Report**  
  My article on quantum computing, titled **‘Harvest Now, Decrypt Later’ Concern Boosts Quantum Security Awareness**, was referenced in Deloitte's 2024 Investment Management Outlook report and 2023 FSI Predictions Report. The piece highlights the growing concern over quantum security threats and the critical need for organizations to invest in quantum-safe encryption.
  
## 🧠 Skills & Expertise
- **Security Tools**: IAM (e.g., Okta), SIEM, IDS/IPS, Network Scanning Tools (e.g., Nmap), Network Protocol Analyzers (e.g., Wireshark), Traffic Analysis Tools, Brute Force and Exploitation Tools (e.g., Hydra), Password Cracking Tools (e.g., John the Ripper, Wordlists), Steganography Tools (e.g., Steghide, Binwalk, Exiftool), Buffer Overflow Exploitation Tools (e.g., Pattern_create, Pattern_offset from Metasploit), File Analysis Tools (e.g., Binwalk, Strings).
- **Programming and Scripting**: Python, SQL, HTML.
- **Operating Systems**: Linux, Windows, macOS.
- **Frameworks and Standards**: NIST Cybersecurity Framework, ISO/IEC 27000 Series, HIPAA, PCI DSS, GDPR.
- **Digital Media and Web Development**: WordPress (CMS), Google Workspace, Microsoft 365, Adobe Photoshop (graphic design), Adobe Premiere Pro (video editing), iMovie (video editing), Wix (website builder), Search Engine Optimization (SEO) tools and techniques (e.g., Google Analytics).

Commit message:

Add lightning talk details to README
Added details about a lightning talk delivered at WiCyS 2025.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I am Nancy Liu - ✨ Tech Media Editor | Cybersecurity Technical Writer ✨ 
<a href="[https://linkedin.com](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nancychenyizhiliu/)"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>


## 📜 Licenses & Certifications
- **CompTIA Security+**
- **Certified in Cybersecurity (CC)**
- **IBM Create and Implement Security Controls**  
- **Google Cybersecurity Certificate**

## 🧠 Cybersecurity Writing Portfolio

Explore my hands-on cybersecurity documentation, including incident response playbooks, technical writing samples, and evidence-backed guides.

🔗 **[cyber-writing-portfolio](https://github.com/<your-username>/cyber-writing-portfolio)**

Sample highlight:
- [Incident Response Playbook: Business Email Compromise (BEC)](https://github.com/<your-username>/cyber-writing-portfolio/blob/main/incident-playbooks/BEC-Incident-Response-Playbook.md)


## 🔨 Projects

- **WiCyS Stage Ready Public Speaking Fellowship**
  Completed a five-week program with Fearless Communicators that enhanced my ability to deliver clear, confident, and impactful technical presentations.

- **WiCyS AI Learning Series 2025**
  Finished a six-module program focused on AI security, governance, risk management, and secure AI product development.

- **Lightning Talk – WiCyS 2025: Breaking News: How Cybersecurity Media Shapes the Industry**
  Delivered a lightning talk at the Women in Cybersecurity 2025 conference, exploring the role of cybersecurity journalism in crisis response, public perception, and industry collaboration.

- **Creating and Implementing A Cybersecurity Program Team Sprint (WiCyS)**
  Developed and implemented a comprehensive cybersecurity program for Lemonade through a collaborative Team Sprint, addressing key risks such as AI model 
  security, compliance, and third-party risk management.

- **SANS BootUp Capture-the-Flag (CTF) Competition**  
  Participated in hands-on cybersecurity challenges that involved reverse engineering, cryptography, and forensics.
  
- **72-Hour Game Jam - 10-Second Magic Artist (AI integrated)**  
  Developed a game with AI-driven art generation in a limited 72-hour competition environment.

- **72-Hour Game Jam - Before the Bang**  
  Created a time-based game with deep narrative and technical challenges, focusing on strategic gameplay before an impending event.

## 🏆 Honors & Awards
- **WiCyS Security Training Scholarship**  
  *Issued by WiCyS and SANS Institute · September 2024*
- **Cited in Deloitte's 2024 Investment Management Outlook and 2023 FSI Predictions Report**  
  My article on quantum computing, titled **‘Harvest Now, Decrypt Later’ Concern Boosts Quantum Security Awareness**, was referenced in Deloitte's 2024 Investment Management Outlook report and 2023 FSI Predictions Report. The piece highlights the growing concern over quantum security threats and the critical need for organizations to invest in quantum-safe encryption.
  
## 🧠 Skills & Expertise
- **Security Tools**: IAM (e.g., Okta), SIEM, IDS/IPS, Network Scanning Tools (e.g., Nmap), Network Protocol Analyzers (e.g., Wireshark), Traffic Analysis Tools, Brute Force and Exploitation Tools (e.g., Hydra), Password Cracking Tools (e.g., John the Ripper, Wordlists), Steganography Tools (e.g., Steghide, Binwalk, Exiftool), Buffer Overflow Exploitation Tools (e.g., Pattern_create, Pattern_offset from Metasploit), File Analysis Tools (e.g., Binwalk, Strings).
- **Programming and Scripting**: Python, SQL, HTML.
- **Operating Systems**: Linux, Windows, macOS.
- **Frameworks and Standards**: NIST Cybersecurity Framework, ISO/IEC 27000 Series, HIPAA, PCI DSS, GDPR.
- **Digital Media and Web Development**: WordPress (CMS), Google Workspace, Microsoft 365, Adobe Photoshop (graphic design), Adobe Premiere Pro (video editing), iMovie (video editing), Wix (website builder), Search Engine Optimization (SEO) tools and techniques (e.g., Google Analytics).
